Add `teardown` support for doc tests (#70831)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/README.asciidoc

  considered tests anyway but this is useful for explicitly documenting the
  reason why the test shouldn't be run.
  * `// TEST[setup:name]`: Run some setup code before running the snippet. This
  is useful for creating and populating indexes used in the snippet. The `name`
  is split on `,` and looked up in the `setups` defined in `docs/build.gradle`.
  See `// TESTSETUP` below for a similar feature.

>   * `// TEST[teardown:name]`: Run some setup code after running the snippet.
>   This is useful for creating and populating indexes used in the snippet. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `// TEST[teardown:name]`: Run some teardown code after the snippet.
  This is useful for performing hidden cleanup, such as deleting index templates. The
```
